Add rotation timeout + default port HTTP in logs agent (#10195)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/faq/log-collection-is-the-datadog-agent-losing-logs.md

## Log rotate

When a file is rotated, the Agent keeps tailing the old file while starting to tail the newly created file in parallel.

> Althought the agent continues to tail the old file, a 60 seconds timeout after the log rotation is set to ensure the agent is using its ressources to tail the most up-to-date files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the Agent continues to tail the old file, a 60-second timeout after the log rotation is set to ensure the agent is using its ressources to tail the most up-to-date files.
```
